hello everyone my name is josue and I
will be working or painting a Siamese
fighting fish or a betta fish on wit and
I hope you Jake we begin by getting a
cutting board at our local market I
continue by removing the lifting bars
from the cutting board now that
everything is ready I will draw the
outline first without a lot of detail
since I will be painting on top of it
I'm making the fence long because feeder
fish usually have long things
good now it's painting time I start with
some blues and some greens
notice how I am making lines on his fins
something that is also characteristic of
betta fish
I am looking at a reference image
however I am adding my own colors I do
this in order to add some creative
freedom plus experimenting with colors
is always fun so I invite you to do the
same
in case you're wondering I am using
golden Brad acrylics they work naturally
on wood I will have a link to the Amazon
page on the description below as well as
a list of all the materials I use in
this video
great now that all the painting is done
and dried I continue by adding a micron
pen to further outline and emphasize
using the micron pen in this way we'll
take away some of the realism but it
adds a particular style which I really
like it becomes more of an illustration
personal
after working on the details very well I
use a white gel pen for some final
touches and silence
they finished by adding a water downline
and a shadow that I mess up but
eventually fix
good after signing my work I will add
some hooks to the back
now it's time for the wire and it's
ready to have seized leave any
suggestions of what I should draw next
and the comments below and if you liked
this video please give it a like share
it with your friends and don't forget
you drive if you haven't already by the
way I'm selling this particular piece on
my Etsy shop
link will be on the description below
thanks for watching